Those of you who are wondering how the answer to crack me is abc123, here is how to go about it. If you try to run the file ./crackme2, you'll get "bash: ./crackme2: Permission denied", Run chmod u+x crackme2 and try again, now the result changes to ">>> Access Denied" this means the file has an access and/or a password attached to it and clearly you don't have it. Now e have to check if this file is striped or not, to do this run "file crackme2". You should see "crackme2: ELF ...... not stripped" which indicates that the file contains some information and symbol. Now let's run ltrace ./crackme2 you should see a lot of information listed on your screen, you could observe that this program is accessing the environment variables like PATH, HOSTNAME, HOME, LANG, et al. Using the strncmp function in C language, it is comparing the first 20 characters with jennieandjayloveasm=. It is searching the environment variable for a name with jennieandjayloveasm.
Let us give this program what it is looking for by creating a variable with that name with any value of choice "export jennieandjayloveasm=alvicci". Confirm that the variable was created successfully "echo jennieandjaylovesm" you should see "alvicci". Now re-run ltrace on the file, you should see that it went further than the initial trial that we did, So, it checked the environment variable for the file and after locating it, it checked the length of the value using the strlen function.
From the look of it, it seems it calculate the MD5 hash of the environment variable value and compare it to a predefined MD5 in the program itself using the strcmp function.

It is comparing the hash value of the environment variable with a predefined MD5 hash value e99a18c428cb38d5f260853678922e03 in the program using the strcmp function. Copy the e99a... and head on to md5online.com, after converting, the result should be "abc123". To confirm if the password is correct, let us replace the value of the environment variable jennieandjayloveasm with abc123 "export jennieandjayloveasm=abc123". Then run your executable file, ./crackme2, and voila you should see "Access Granted". Wheeew! I hope this helps you guys